NAME
    CPANPLUS::Shell::Curses - A Curses based shell for CPANPLUS

ABSTRACT
    CPANPLUS::Shell::Curses is a graphical user interface to the newly
    developed CPANPLUS package

USAGE
    Usually all operations will be performed on the currently selected
    and/or marked Module. Searching is done as incremental search, so first
    author then module gives you other results than first module than
    author. Reset searching/display with j.

    *For installing and updating the Shell leaves Curses mode. At the moment
    this is considered a feature, in order to answer module's questions
    about configuration.*

KEYS
  General

    h detailed help

    q exit

    v version information

  Search

    a search by author(s)

    A search modules by the author of the currently active module

    m search by module(s)

    M search modules in the same top level Namespace as the currently active
    one (i.e. if CPAN is active it will show you only modules CPAN::*)

    N search modules in the same top and second level namespace as the
    currently active one (i.e. AI::Categorizer is active it will show you
    only the ones under AI::Categorizer)

    o update check

    j display all modules

    k diplay installed modules

    w show search cache

  List window functions

    / does a search in the list window as well in the readme and help
    viewers

    ? does it the other way around

    ^C-A go to the beginning (also with HOME)

    ^C-E go to end of list (also with END)

    PGDOWN one page down

    PGUP one page up

  Operations

    i install selected module(s)

    I set installation parameters

    u uninstall selected module(s)

    d download selected module(s)

    r display readme of active module

    c display test results for active module

    y show perldoc of currently selected installed module

    b write an autobundle of all your currently installed modules

    z open command prompt

    R reload installed selection

    B select all (be carefull)

  Local Administration

    ! eval a Perl expression

    % execute a shell expression

    g redraw screen

    e add directories to your @INC

    s set configuration options for this session

    p print error stack

    x reload CPAN indices

    D show currently installed modules dependencies

    S show some statistical information

  Step by Step

    For easy stepping through the installation steps, shortcuts are
    provided:

    1 fetch modules

    2 extract modules (not implemented yet)

    3 make all

    4 make test

    5 make install

CONFIGURATION
    To enter the configuration window, type 's'. All values which are either
    yes or no are shown with a Y or N value. To change this value just enter
    what you want it to be. ;-) Some special input is required for the
    options Makeflags, Makemakerflage and lib. The syntax for Makeflags and
    Makemakerflags is "key=value", multiple keys can be seperated by ":" The
    syntax for Lib is a ":" seperated list of lib directories. You can apply
    changes by hitting enter and abort the configuration by hitting ESC.

TODO
    Updating isn't that nice as it could be.
    Testing it on other platforms
BUGS
        Curses.pm 1.06 does not compile with Perl 5.8.0, a new release that
        fixes those bugs is expected soon

        It is too slow :-)

        Documentation needed

        As it is a development version based on a development version of
        CPANPLUS please test it against the latest devel version of
        CPANPLUS. Afterwards feel free to contact me about any bugs.

AUTHOR
    Marcus Thiesen (marcus@cpan.thiesenweb.de)

SEE ALSO
    the CPANPLUS manpage the Curses manpage the Curses::UI manpage the
    ncurses manpage the perl manpage

